my mind and knowledge and all fighting
style knowledge goes back to my younger
body so my mind is there my body is a
little slower to catch up and actually
if you think about it back in the 70s
when I go back in the past I have bone
and claws not steel claws so when you're
used to getting around with metal it was
a real challenge to be able to remember
um my body's lighter and and he's not
used to that and memory wise so I may be
answering in a more complicated way but
I yeah it was it was a fun challenge
we shot this movie in 3d which is the
first time I'd actually I think it
really shot with 3d cameras the entire
time and Brian is always about cutting
edge of making it look as a you know you
get stuff that's completely new and
things have changed a lot and and
weirdly there's less green screen and
blue screen on a set than they used to
be so now they understand that the best
way to make these things work and feel
real is to keep as much of it real
actually so you'll have bigger sets that
will be augmented with green screen so
it's it has changed but in reality for
the actors it seems less technical
actually
it has a big massive weight attached to
it because there are the fans there is
also just an expectation from the studio
that it makes a lot of money and they're
successful and all that as well so you
do feel a big weight of expectation in
the last movie you know the movies have
always short at that button and Hugh and
Logan have kind of been the driving
heart are those movies generally until
first class where that drive-in horror
movie became the backbone of our
relationship with between Michael and I
and his Genesis story you know and and
this one it's more ado as my Genesis
story and not necessarily a sort of
origins but like certainly certainly the
crucible through which that character
passed to become who we've always known
him as so you know that you are you're
basically poetry and the one of the
pinnacle and vocal and tunnelling points
of this man's life and it's all on you
so as a big pressure you just want to
make it as conflicted as possible so
that you've got two people basically
you've got the person inside trap
struggling push down and abused and
traumatized and that is the channels
that we've always known and then
fighting that you've got the caroled the
selfish the weak the traumatised the
damaged Charles who is winning over this
sort of sinfully figure that he will go
on to become and so you just try to make
sure that those two people are present
at all times in your performance so that
it's not just like Jekyll and Hyde you
know